are
back uh just short
stream work on a couple quick things
before I go
run I think that's what we'll
do so we got this thing
running there are a few things we're
going to need to fix
definitely a few things to
fix is it guaranteed that you always
fill the
corners looks like it is actually
guaranteed that you always fill the
corners
right I'm not seeing a single map
that doesn't have the corners
filled so that's
good that's one less thing to worry
about only thing we have to worry about
then is the
odd uh the odd size requirement I
believe
yeah which we can get around very easily
ah I see the issue
size so we don't actually need to have
size
here we need to have
size here
and then when you set the state you also
have to set um within height I
suppose there we go
all right so now it should be separate
sizes and the only thing we have to do
is
one letro
death
oops type float to in
hum
RB and then let's take a
look oops we
build
ah I don't know why it does
this is stuck here
let's see if this is a
repeatable repeatable
thing it should change Maps yep there it
goes that
and then it just
resets various map
sizes there's definitely something
screwy about
um the movement
there it doesn't seem like it can go
back but I don't see how that would be
possible
like why is he why is he stuck here
right what's he stuck
for I don't know how he's stuck but he
is
stuck I also don't know why the window
is this size it seems weird
pass forward left right back right five
actions
so here we
go you're not doing
anything is this going to
reset
huh me watch this for a second
I didn't see if it changed the
maze oh it's waiting for me to do it
okay yeah that's
fine why is it resetting to the same
maze
ah
for e
you only want to control it if you're
holding shift
oh okay it is doing stuff
cool uh it's just going slow as
all how did it just do this it just
jumped so maybe that's what it is maybe
the back button is
broken for
so it doesn't seem like it has a back
button yeah it has the back and up
somehow plus equal pi
why would this mess it
up um am I doing something incredibly
stupid I don't think
so let's see how this is different from
the
C cuz I think I had to like
manually okay so here I just manually
set the directions it looks like
um so I just don't
set I just bypass all this
stuff so it has relative steering I
guess yeah that's what I did I remember
I tried to do relative steering so I
could do continuous and discreet and
have them be very similar but then I
changed it for the human control just
because it's kind of awkward as a person
to have that like tank controls
so action for doesn't change the angle
right let me try uh real
quick let me see if I can do it with
tank controls
and just
back left right back forward
okay this is
forward this is back right
yeah the back key does not work
here yeah this does not work the way
you're expecting it to at
all okay let's see why that is
if it's forward you leave it
alone does Direction get reset
somehow agent Direction
now we don't reset the direction
anywhere
we print out the direction
maybe
step okay so here's Direction zero and
then we do forward nothing
changes
oops oh that's
silly yeah I know the
problem except I don't know why it
doesn't go back that's kind of weird but
I know the problem
never update Direction
okay so this works the controls are very
awkward as a
human but it does work
we will probably have to play with that
a little
bit very very awkward as a human
why does the puffer not
move now he moves
holy what is it doing that's so
weird like I can move
him how does he do these
diagonals that could just be the
renderer skipping to be fair
this getting stuck behavior is very
weird to
me like why are none of these
moving
him let's see if it's legitimately still
getting stuck
all right so
here oh
no e
okay
let's do like
I like n Ms before
pretty
good we just got to change the uh
signature and
here yeah
here put this here for now
hey we going to get any rewards today
puffer so it doesn't look like it's
getting any
reward let's see if it actually can get
reward and rewards of agent is equal to
one D's equal 1 episode return plus
one that seems like that should be uh
that should be good
hey ly why is your message just
blank oh it doesn't show the Star Puffer
that's funny
stream being weird today now it does
that's bizarre takes it a
second do Star Puffer it really helps us
out you st the repo it's
free you just star it
oh I have to actually win the maze on
this hang on
done reward
one so what's wrong then was it just not
getting it
oh you know what it is it's that we're
immediately calling reset
y that we're immediately calling
reset so I think what we'll do instead
of doing this right
good
if that does any
better oh yeah look at the reward there
shouldn't just keep going up this is
eval so let's see what's
wrong and duns Rewards
and how does it Define
of the mean reward Pur St
something's weird here
yeah reward should not go
up oh wait
that's a little silly
let's see if it still just keeps going
up no some very small
fraction hey
pdbs we're doing procedurally generated
maze
environments let's see if we get a
little
config we see if training
works czy any batch size and batch size
for this but we'll
see yeah this is going to be useful for
curriculum learning so basically we can
load in uh in the same environment we
can load different sizes of Mazes we can
sample from a big buffer of uh
pre-generated mazes that generate very
fast to begin with but for even more
speed we can do that I haven't even
optimize this at all we're already at 6
700,000 train and uh we will see from
here where this
goes I haven't I not added stats yet so
we're going to have to see on
that so we'll add stats later today
maybe I do have to get going pretty
quick so I can get my run in
though see so this is going to run eval
oh yeah this is going to infinitely
because we didn't Define logs that's
fine
though this is way better than before
right yeah yeah yeah this is better than
before so this is just like
completely my camera
died hold on so not bad for a first
training run it learns something it does
way better than the random policy we'll
have to tune some stuff we'll have to
make some
adjustments you can see like some of the
maps it knows how to do some it doesn't
but like we're looking at
0.01 and for reference the random
policy so the uninitialized
policy you can see does like 10 times
worse than
that so we'll add in some proper logging
and we'll do some stuff
there um let me see it's 11:22 is the
only
thing I think this will be later today I
am going to push all this
there we
go so I mean all I have to do on this
now to get like a basic thing um
is get a decent uh just get a decent
Baseline model on this add in logging
know run a sweep Maybe
and then we'll have our curriculum
end all right I'm going
to go for my run maybe do some server
maintenance and uh I will be back got a
meeting in the afternoon but I will be
back later today to finish up some stuff
on
this the folks watching on YouTube and
wherever
else all this is available at
puff. and star the GitHub really helps
us out join the Discord to get involved
we got a bunch of cool RL articles on
here as well not here over here uh and
if you're looking for more RL content
that you can't find anywhere else I've
got articles and such on uh on X there a
few additional ones that